Team Builder
============

**Do you need help tracking your fundraising for your ministry?** With Team Builder, we're trying to help simplify the ministry support raising process by giving you tools to collect contact information (phone numbers, donations, special occasions, web presence, ect...). We're trying to develop a tool that takes the stress of fundraising out of spreadsheets and into a slick easy to use tool. A [Missional Digerati project](https://github.com/MissionalDigerati), created by [Codemis](https://github.com/codemis), and [Naysayer](https://github.com/naysayer).


Requirements
------------

* Ruby 1.9.3 >
* Rails 3.2.8 >


Installation
------------

To install Team Builder, you will first need to clone the git repository:

`git clone git@github.com:MissionalDigerati/team_builder.git`

And install the required gems:

`bundle install`


Links
-----
* [Missional Digerati](https://github.com/MissionalDigerati)
* [Codemis](https://github.com/codemis)
* [Naysayer](https://github.com/naysayer)

Ride Bum
========

**Have you every had to put together a ride share to a specific event?** It can be a difficult gauntlet of phone call mayhem, and constant schedule conflicts.  With Ride Bum,  we are attempting to simplify this process.  Similar to [Evite](http://www.evite.com),  we are developing a tool that will manage your ride share events utilizing slick user interfaces.  We want to create a central place for you to organize, and manage your ride shares without the headache of continuous phone calls.  This is a project of the [Los Angeles Ruby Book Study Group](http://therubyists.org).

Requirements
------------

* Ruby 1.9.2 >
* Rails 3.2 >

Installation
------------

To install Ride Bum, you will first need to clone the git repository:

`git clone https://github.com/byronanderson/Ride-Bum.git`

Then you will need to update the submodules:

`git submodule init`

`git submodule update`

Finally install the required gems:

`bundle install`

Development
-----------
Questions or problems? Please post them on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/byronanderson/Ride-Bum/issues). You can contribute changes by forking the project and submitting a pull request. You can ensure the tests passing by running `bundle` and `rake`.

This project is created by [Los Angeles Ruby Book Study Group](http://therubyists.org) and is under the MIT License.

Links
-----
* [Los Angeles Ruby Book Study Group](http://therubyists.org)
* [Los Angeles Ruby Book Study Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/laruby-books)
* [Join Us on Wednesday Nights @ 7PM](http://www.meetup.com/laruby/events/pdmcryqdbmc/)